Hello, Brian. Hello, YouTube.
Hey.
Happy summer to everyone, unless you live in the southern hemisphere, then winter, I suppose.
But it's a full summer day today, one of the hottest days of the year so far.
So we're going to have to hunker down, Brian.
Yeah, do they reverse it? They call winter
summer?
It's just... I don't know.
We're going to have to... I believe so.
I believe so.
So let's go ahead and kick this off.
Yeah, we got some good news.
And speaking of faraway lands, we're going to start with my first topic is one from there as well.
So yeah, let's go.
And everyone, thanks for being here or watching afterwards.
Hello and welcome to Python Bytes, where we deliver Python news directly to your earbuds.
This is episode 438 recorded June 30th, 2025.
I am Michael Kennedy.
And I am Brian Okken.
And this episode is brought to you by the amazing folks over at Posit and Posit Connect,
their data science execution and hosting platform and a bunch of other things,
which Brian will tell you about shortly.
But, for now, if you want to connect with us, you can do so over at Mastodon or Bluesky or to a lesser degree even on X.
Although that place has not got as much action these days, sadly.
But yeah, connect with us over on social.
Join us on YouTube right now.
We're recording live. We typically do that at 10:00 AM on Mondays, a few minutes after 10:00.
That's kind of, we sort of get stuff ready. And when we got it all set, we push go. So you can
find out more about that and get notified and subscribe, you know, crush the bell, all that
sort of stuff over at pythonbytes.fm/live. And if you want an extra additional insights into the
episode and the tools and topics we cover. Sign up, become a friend of the show by joining our
mailing list. And Brian will send out an awesome email that not just lists what we talk about or
have in the show notes, but way more. It's really, really good. Right, Brian?
Yeah, I like it a lot.
I do too. I'm really liking where it is these days. I enjoy reading it. Would you say it's
cheating though? Do you feel like it's cheating?
It's definitely cheating.
Cheating is okay sometimes.
It is.
All right.
So let's hop into the first topic.
We've got...
Oh, sorry, Brian.
Totally all right.
Okay.
On the Python Morsels website, this is Trey Hunter's blog and thing.
I'm not sure what you call it.
Anyway,
it's a training sort of thing.
He's got a whole bunch of articles about...
He pulled together a lot of all of his cheat sheet articles.
And I kind of love this.
So there's some of these that I'm going to pull out of my favorites.
But so Trey Hunter's cheat sheets, we've got Python string methods, built-in functions in Python, f-strings, converting a string to a date time, pathlib, even big O notation.
Nice.
The time complexities of different data structures.
That's cool.
Anyway.
That is cool.
Some of these are, you have to pay to be part of a service to watch some of them, but some of them are free.
I'm going to highlight a couple of the free ones.
Python F-string tips and cheat sheets.
So we all love f-strings, but sometimes I can't remember all the different formatting stuff, like formatting numbers.
And so this is good to have just some cheat sheets.
It's like how do, if you want to do zero digits or zero digits or prefix,
like you want to have like, if you're going to do money,
you want.00 or something.
And so how do you do that?
It's.2f.
Nice.
But it's like the variable and then colon,.2.
Anyway, I'm not going to try to describe it on the podcast,
but having all of this in here.
And then occasionally you want like zero padding or space padding or something.
And so it's good to look how to do that.
It's got a whole bunch of stuff.
Oh, space padding, yeah.
Neat.
Yeah, those little tricks and formatting tips
that go into the f-strings or string.format or whatever,
those are amazing, and they're super rich.
There's a lot you can do with them.
I didn't know you could do thousands of separators.
That's neat.
That's cool.
Yeah, I do that all the time, and I combine it.
Like I'll do comma 0.2 F and it'll do two decimal places.
Okay.
So f-strings, treat sheet.
That's great.
Another one path of module.
Now path of actually has got really good documentation, but a cute, like a nice little cheat sheet.
It's pretty cool.
So, you know, how do you, how do you read all the text of a file in this?
I like his table format.
This is easy, pretty easy to read.
Read all the contents of the file.
Write file contents.
Ooh, you can just write text with new.
Creates a new file.
I didn't know you could do that.
That's cool.
Resolving a path to the full path.
Getting the file name is path.name,
but if you just want the suffix,
there's path.suffix.
And these are all, this makes sense.
It's just, you know, what, like, yeah.
What is it?
What is the thing that Pathlib decided to use that was obvious?
It's not always obvious.
So cool cheat sheet there on Pathlib.
The other one I want to point out is Python's mini command line utilities.
And those are things that you just say, like just built into Python.
You can say Python-M and then the thing.
And it's usually an internal standard library thing.
But if you just run it by itself, there's a bunch of stuff you can do.
There's a general purpose.
The general purpose ones, like a lot of people know,
that you have HTTP.server does a thing.
But JSON tool is kind of nice.
You can do JSON tool to print out some JSON nicely.
Calendar is a nice cheat sheet for just being able to print out a calendar
and figure out when, like, and you can give it a date.
If you just do calendar, it'll print today,
but you can give it a special date,
and it'll print that out if you're trying to figure out,
wow, in 1996 was April 3rd on Monday,
or, you know, you can do things like that.
And my favorite is especially Handy on Windows section
because I kind of grew up on Solaris, actually,
but Unix environments.
So,
but I spend my days on a Windows machine.
So I get sad if I don't know where zip or gzip or tar are and things like that.
I don't really use tar that much these days.
But you can use these things directly from Python if you have Python installed.
Like python-m, gzip, and you can have zip and unzip utilities.
This is great.
FTP, so many things that are just standard on Linux that aren't on Windows.
You can install them, but if you have Python,
you already have them installed.
So that's pretty neat.
Anyway,
those are some fun cheat sheets.
There's a bunch of others too.
So thanks, Trey, for pulling all of these together.
Yeah, those are pretty cool.
And
the CLI tools, there's a lot of them.
Yeah, there really are.
This is a big article.
So yeah, I think we've covered it before.
I think so.
But now it's grouped in with all the other things.
Yeah.
Indeed.
All right.
Let's talk about something that I'm excited about, Automatisch.
So Automatisch is automatic in German.
And this is a tool called, which is an open source alternative to Zapier.
So Automatisch helps you automate your business processes without coding.
They have a, you can sign up for this instead, which is kind of just like Zapier.
So, you know, I mean, good for them and all.
But the real reason that it's interesting to me is you can self-host it.
Hmm.
Okay.
Yeah.
So this is not a Python built tool, but I don't really think it matters.
I think it's a tool that would be super useful for people doing Python things.
You know, like I want this tool to listen to Slack.
And when somebody posts something with this word in it,
I want it to call a web service that's written in FastAPI
or something like that.
So
yeah, it's super cool.
It's well loved.
It's got 12,000 plus GitHub stars.
And if you've used Zapier, it feels a lot like it.
You go in there and say this thing
they have on the home page that's like, well, when somebody
posts something on Twitter, then I
want you to do something in Slack.
Maybe if somebody posts something that talks about our brand, then post into the marketing Slack.
I don't know.
Just making stuff up, right?
So super cool.
It says it's great for companies that are dealing with sensitive data.
If you're in health care or finance or if you're based in Europe and you're subjected to the GDPR.
Honestly, most people are.
If you have European customers as well, it's only if you don't interact with Europe.
Are you not really?
and you don't want to share that information with cloud services,
it's Docker Compose up, and you've got your own Zapier,
which I think is pretty cool.
It's open source, and it doesn't have really that much vendor lock-in.
I mean, there's some lock-in to the app, but not into them, per se,
because you have the source code, I guess, is the motivation.
If you go look at all the integrations, there's quite a few.
Airtable, AppRite, ClickUp, Datastore, DeepL, Discord, Disqus, Flickr.
How about that?
Flickr.
GitHub, GitLab, Google Calendar, and so on, right?
Quite a few things you can connect with
into,
out of, RSS, and so on.
Webhook, which is the one I was talking about, right?
That's
kind of your call my Python code when something and one of these other things happens or vice versa.
So what do you think?
Kind of cool, right?
Yeah.
That was pretty neat.
And all you got to do is it comes with the Docker config already.
And they do some pretty nice tricks, actually.
So they've got a Docker compose file, like I said.
And they have a Docker image, an automatic IO, which it's just based on.
So you don't even really have to build it.
You just pull the thing.
And once you have it, you're good to go.
And you run it.
And one of the things they do, I thought,
people who are in the Docker land--
so the Docker Compose endpoint, or entry point rather,
runs this shell script.
And the shell script actually goes, and it looks,
and it says if you don't have a.env file already set up,
like if you didn't set one and copied over,
it'll do things like set up random encryption keys
and webhook secrets and other types of things.
and then it'll write that for you.
So if you don't have an environment file, it'll make it,
and then it'll move it over and use that
as part of your execution.
So it kind of handles some of that setup
that you always have to do.
It'll say, enter your secret here.
Make sure you randomize this.
Don't leave it the default, or you might get hacked,
that kind of stuff.
Yeah.
Yeah, I just thought that was kind of a cool little technique
there doing it.
I just saw on Bluesky, I think, somebody
commenting that instead of putting their API keys in their source code,
they changed the name to, this is not my API key.
Nice.
Looking
at
the plans, though, the open source doesn't have any limits.
So, like, for instance, Zapier has a free plan also,
but it's limited to how much you can use it,
but 100 tasks for a month.
But the open source has no limit on the automatic.
Yeah, that's super cool.
So yeah, like I said, I think you just,
if you want, you can just run this on your own server
and it does its own thing.
It looks pretty vibrant, right?
It's got almost 1,000 forks, 12,000 stars.
Seems like it
might be
worth checking out
if this kind of thing is something you're looking for.
I haven't decided if it is for me or not yet, but I kind of want to play with it.
So I was curious, like a number of forks, is that high, good?
I think so.
Well, to me, the number of forks indicates in a healthy project
how many people want to contribute back.
Because if you're going to fork it and then do a PR back, you can't do it directly.
Like how many contributors?
There's not that
many.
Maybe like
save it.
But if you're doing this for your business, you probably fork it like,
we just need a copy.
just in case.
I think where it might be a bad
thing is
where there's been
a big reaction to
a change in an open source license or something
and people are like, I'm going to grab it
real quick.
I'm thinking
of Redis
or some other things where there was
drama.
I don't know that there's any drama
about this. I haven't heard of any drama.
I was just thinking about that.
The forks because
yeah, like you said,
you have to fork it to contribute
and some people fork it just to play with it.
But then also
that doesn't mean that there's 800 supported forks.
They're just people.
For me, there's kind of two reasons I fork stuff.
One, because I want to contribute
or two, this is really important.
What if it were just to go away for some random reason?
I just want to copy.
You know what I mean?
Oh, yeah.
Yeah.
All right.
So those
are the two.
Right?
Like I might fork, court, and flask because Talk Python is based on those things.
And I don't really necessarily need to contribute to them, but I kind of just want to have a copy, you know, because it's so important.
Hmm.
Yeah.
I guess that would be a way to pin it as well if you're just pulling your own fork.
Anyway, we're kind of getting on a tangent.
No.
No way.
let's bring it back all right well let's um let's thank our sponsor posit connect this episode of
python bytes is brought to you by the folks at posit posit has made a huge investment in the
python community lately known originally for our studio they've been building out a suite of tools
and services for python today i want to focus on hosting your python based data science workloads
This includes dashboards, reports, plots, interactive web apps, all the way to custom Flask and Django apps.
Their service is Posit Connect.
Posit Connect makes it easy for a data scientist to share work built on Python code.
If you have a Streamlit app dashboard, Plotly interactive plots, or FastAPI service, or even a Quarto report,
just give Posit Connect the code it needs to maintain the asset, and Connect automatically does the rest.
Connect will manage your APIs and serve your interactive apps.
If and if desired, update your end boards on a scheduled basis.
That's cool.
That's right.
No more need to explain to the stakeholders why the dashboard or plot stopped updating last week.
You get to focus on your data science and leveraging your skill set while Connect makes you look good, keeping your code running in private.
With Connect, you get a private URL on your Connect server, ensuring that your asset is continuously available to your stakeholders.
You can control which users have access to the asset.
Let Posit Connect handle the delivery and DevOps involved in sharing your work.
You focus on what you do best.
So if you work on a data science team, you owe it to you and your organization to check out Posit Connect.
Visit pythonbytes.fm/connect today and get a three-month free trial and see if it's a good fit.
That's pythonbytes.fm/connect.
The link is in your podcast player show notes.
Thank you so much, Deposit, for supporting Python Bytes.
Definitely. Thank you, Deposit.
Very cool service.
All right, Brian, you probably don't remember Murekt,
But it is something we covered way back in 2022, M-U-R
-E-Q,
as
in mu,
the micro symbol in
science.
And the idea of that was we're going
to have the most minimal version of request the library as possible.
So that's fun.
And it's really cool for times you don't want to have external dependencies.
You can just copy the one file into your project or just take the code and jam it at the end
of your project or however you want to do it, right?
Yeah.
So Harold Martin sent us a note today.
I have updated this project, forked, I believe, and created a new one.
Updated for murect typed.
So it's like the Murek, but very deeply typed and type checked.
So it's not only type checked, it's type checked with mypy,
with Pyrefly, and Ty, T-Y rather.
So that's pretty modern to be type checked
with the two major type checkers we talked about recently, right?
Yeah.
That's pretty cool.
Yeah, neat.
Yeah.
So why do you care about this?
Well, like I said, it's a single file,
zero dependency alternative to requests,
but works on modern tooling.
You can open it up, it's literally murec.py,
and you can just copy this puppy in.
But if you just look in here, you can see, you know,
like the default timeout is a colon float,
and the headers are a mutable mapping of string string
or an HTTP message, right?
There's like, if you look at the typing,
like there's some of these down here that are pretty gnarly.
I'm glad I didn't have to write them.
like this yield response as headers or a list of tuples of strings of strings,
or it could be none with a default of none and so on. Right?
So pretty neat that this is put together by Harold and I like the idea of it.
I think this is something that we're going to see more of in Python,
not because people are necessarily seeking out stuff like merec dash typed.
Although if it already exists, you might as well. Right.
But because I think LLMs are going to encourage people to go,
I really just need to call the one function.
I know it's this huge library and it does all these things,
but could I just-- hey, chat, give me a function.
Does this?
Does it work?
All right, no dependencies, all that kind of stuff, right?
So there's a couple of cool benefits
to not having dependencies that you have to worry about.
And by the way, it's the same API as requests.
So if you have requests, you could use this.
You could just change the import statement.
Or you could even do import mu rect as requests,
and then don't touch the rest of your code.
You know what I mean?
So it says, why do you even care about this?
Well, apparently, it's quite a bit better
in terms of memory usage.
So like standard Python, it's like 7.4 megs to run on--
I don't know, apparently Ubuntu--
on AMD 64.
But if you go and run murec and you import it,
kicks up in some more libraries.
Do an actual function call, it's 15 megs.
But if you do the same thing with just importing requests,
it's almost double.
It's like import requests basically adds, quick math,
14 megs to your what otherwise would be 7 megs of memory usage.
And if you make a request, it's then three more megs.
Which is
not a ton
a lot of times, but if it's something you care about, it is a lot less.
And basically, Harold points out here, there is a lot of stuff that has happened inside of Python to make it better in terms of these things.
Like, for example, PEP476, which begin validating TLS certificates inside of Python's libraries.
Python 3 has HTTP.client, which does a bunch of similar stuff.
So it's pretty easy to wrap that in the same API,
is what he's saying.
And finally, no supply chain attacks.
You can get this one file, validate it, put it in there,
and then it's not going to get updated.
It's about 500 lines of code.
So it's not super long, and a good chunk of that's
typing and documentation.
Cool.
Yeah.
Anyway, I thought I'd give that a shout out because I'm all about having nice typed libraries
to work with.
And I like this idea of vendoring in.
You really just need a simple little thing.
Just vendor in something if you can, and it's pretty good.
Yeah.
It's the opposite of LeftPad.
You remember LeftPad, right?
Yeah.
Yeah, with the JavaScript thing that took down the world.
Or no, right pad.
I don't know.
What's up with that?
So left pad, let's see.
When was this?
I think this is the same guy.
I think he got ultimately, yeah, it's got its own Wikipedia page.
This guy took down the left pad package.
There was a separate package you got to left pad a string.
So I just sit in writing the job.
You know, npm install left pad, basically, or npm and what
the save it
to your dependencies, right?
Guy got mad that people were taking advantage of his open source work and deleted it or something like that.
And it just, it took down, like it took down React and some other things.
Facebook, PayPal, Netflix.
Yeah,
this caused a widespread disruption.
technology corporations small and large including Facebook PayPal Netflix and
Spotify who use a lot pad their software products could no longer build their
packages
I mean it's bad
is this there was another guy who also got arrested for
creating a bomb and I'm not sure if this is the same guy maybe that was a Python
guy one of these guys that like did something like this also it it might be a
a sign of an unstable situation.
But anyway, it's kind of funny and kind of just
over the most extreme example you can look at.
But stuff like this, this Vendoring in for these simple
things is like, OK, you're no longer subjected
to that weirdness, right?
Yeah.
I guess the opposite side is if there were a security
vulnerability in the code, not malicious necessarily,
but something they missed and they update it,
you're not going to get that fixed either, right?
So you got to consider those things.
But being a wrapper on the built-in HTTP.client
is probably fine.
Interesting.
I was just looking up our history.
You can search Python Bytes.
And even though LeftPad happened in 2016,
the same year that we started Python Bytes,
it didn't that term doesn't show up in in our in till 2021 four years four years ago so interesting
interesting i wonder what i might have been talking about probably we were talking about
something analogous like this right like we're not covering left fad but like it's a left
had
like thing the left had so bad
yeah
yeah probably anyway cool yeah indeed
um last
one for you yeah
i want to talk about um command line interfaces actually not command
line interfaces really shells so frank wiles posted my cli world and and he's talking about
like shell customizations.
Let's see.
He says, when I was first starting out,
I spent a bunch of my time SSH'd into a remote server.
So didn't customize his shell that much.
But now he's mostly doing web development
on a local laptop,
which I realized that it's a big change for me too.
I am not SSHing very much anymore.
So customizations are easier.
So I kind of love these sorts of articles of like,
these are the customizations I use.
But he also listed a bunch of cool tools that he's using.
So I am actually kind of jealous.
He uses Starship for the prompt,
and he's got all sorts of stuff in here.
And this is like what branch he's looking at,
what version of the whatever package he's in,
Which Python version he's using is virtual environment. This is kind of nice. I
tried
I stride tried Starship and
Something about my setup. It slowed my shell down too much. So I'm not using Starship anymore
But I wanted to pop over not go through his full article but talk about some of the things he brought up
Dur in the IR ENV is one of the tools
and
before each prompt during VDR,
however you pronounce that,
checks for the existence of environment RC files,
envrc and optionally.env files
and does any settings.
So like we were talking about
with one of your previous tools,
if you've got like API keys and stuff hiding in a.env,
you can have that automatically loaded up
when you go into the correct directory.
It's kind of nice.
Then Z oxide, which this is definitely one that it was been on my list to try out.
It's it's inspired by auto jump in Z.
But this is a utility that keeps track of like where you've been before and which applications or which command line thing.
Basically, it's a smarter history sort of thing.
So I definitely want to to try to try that out again.
FD, also FD seems like a cool tool.
Find entries to your file system.
So instead of the pattern of finding a name of a file
and finding that somewhere, it's a better way to find stuff.
And then if you're actually looking in,
wanting to look at the contents,
ACK, I think I'm sure we've covered ACK before.
ACK is a great tool for really quickly looking for,
it's better than grep and said sort of things.
Another fun thing is Attun,
which I definitely want to try.
It's making your shell magical,
syncing your history.
So having your history not,
I have a problem with looking for a command
that is in a different window
and so it's not in the same history
or it got deleted or something.
So I want to check this out for backing up my shell history.
Should be fun.
So in the article, he refers to using Just files.
And for some reason, Just doesn't work for me.
So I guess I'll just add on that we covered Poe the Poet.
It does a similar role as Just.
So anyway.
And then he talks about some customizations like his own aliases.
And it even has an article for a couple of the alias, which is, I was like, I never thought to do this as an alias, but I'm so glad that he wrote this down.
So let's start working on a project.
And before you hop in and you know there's been changes by somebody else on the team.
So you do a get pull and a bunch of stuff gets pulled in.
What just came in?
you apparently you can get it with git log with like a at curly brace one something like that
i'm not going to remember that so he made an alias that's just um just that but it it's called
git pull log or get diff or pull diff um does a diff basically of like what what changed and
the actual code that changed but the log is the stuff i pulled in what are the git comment or the
commit comments for those.
So again, just really love the idea
of people writing blog posts
of all of their shell customizations
and sharing all the command line tools that they use.
It's pretty nice.
There's a lot of cool stuff that isn't there.
Yeah, I've used
Xoxide.
I really liked it.
I think some of the others are cool.
These Git little tips are great as well.
I'd never remember those things either.
Super weird.
But yeah, you just alias stuff.
And I think that's one of the tricks is like some of these shell things are hard or complicated or even just a lot to type.
But if you just put them into your profile or your
bash
or ZSHRC file, right?
Then just remember the one or two words, right?
And you're good to go.
Yeah.
And I also like the idea.
So some stuff is different for different projects.
So you might have the same command.
Using just or Poe, you could have the same command
do different things depending on which project you're in,
the appropriate thing for that.
I wonder if you could use dir env to change
what the same command means per directory.
Like maybe something is built
using make
and another thing is built using, I don't know,
Poe or something, right?
and
you could
just have like the word build do whichever it is but if you're in that directory
it looks up and says okay that means call make in this case otherwise it called you know wouldn't
that be neat
yeah yeah
cool cool yeah very neat for people out there who are like i'm kind of
not very comfortable in the terminal or i don't like being in the terminal
look at stuff like this like if you just open up a bare bash shell or a bare power shell or whatever
that is not a nice experience but if you put a bunch of these little cool extensions and add-ons
and make it your own all of a sudden it's not just not bad it's delightful right and so
i think especially people who are kind of beginners listening like look into this stuff
yeah i always get thrown when i i assume vi mode or vim mode
and
uh and it's usually not the default
So my big tip is set dash OVI and then it works.
There you go.
Yeah.
If that's what you're expecting, definitely do that for sure.
All right.
You got extras?
I got no extras.
I just have
one extra that's kind of out of the blue.
It's a completely, and now for something completely different sort of thing.
An article my wife shared with me, which I thought was fun.
It's on the phys.org website.
It's a new theory proposes time has three dimensions with space as a secondary effect.
Anyway, it's a fun read about possibly three-dimensional time, kind of like a three-dimensional space.
And it's an interesting read.
Wow.
Kind
of a picture too.
And I do like that I'm seeing this now.
People are actually fessing up when they have an AI-generated image.
Yeah.
That's a credit.
A lot of times they don't
need to fess up.
be like yeah that's AI generated but when it looks photorealistic then that's really cool yeah
so
uh anyway just a fun read about some physics I
saw this title go by I haven't read it but
yeah this boy something like that were true how insane is that like time is just so weird anyway
I also saw one that gravitation could be some kind of knock-on effect from like quantum mechanics
There's some really wild theories going on right now, but we will see.
We will see.
Yeah.
All right.
Oh, wait.
I have a quick follow-up before you do the joke.
Okay.
Let me do the quick follow-up here.
People don't know we have a search engine.
I went in here and I typed into our search engine by Queens.
What did I type?
Queens and then packet. I can't remember. Now I forgot. Anyway, running a quick little search,
I came up with a Python on the beach, the one where you came in, dialed in from Hawaii,
which is awesome. But
if you
go down to the extras, this is what I was hinting at. And this
is not the same person. So this is a totally different, not a left pad incident, a left pad
like thing so Marek Squires who had taken a couple of his packages and like done some sort of
supply chain attack or at least sabotage also also this is a post says hey Brian Krebs I just
noticed that the this guy Marek Squires seems to be the same fellow that sabotage two of his own
popular open source libraries last week,
Keller.js and Faker.js. Remember that?
And
the
article is,
resident of Queens home
suspected in bomb making materials
charge is being taken away.
It looks like maybe even it blew up.
I don't know. There's some kind of EMT thing going on.
Yeah, so I think I searched for
NPM in Queens
because I knew the guy was from Queens.
So not the same person, but the same category
of things.
Did he open source his bomb design?
I hope not.
i definitely hope not all right okay what do we got for our jokes so
for a joke today i'm just
actually gonna i'm we're gonna have a reading so um uh gather around boys and girls yeah not too
long ago was father's day i don't remember when um but um i got a gift for my kids and it was this
book called um that i'm gonna hold up just disappointing affirmations um and uh there's
a lot of them are safe for work i'm gonna read some of the some of the safer work ones i just
have a full pull a few pulled out uh here's it right here uh i have to turn it around to be able
to read it but uh you are always just a moment away from your next worst day ever or your next
best day ever but let's be realistic um let's see here's another one um you can be you can be
anything you want and you keep choosing and yet you keep choosing to be you i admire your dedicated
role and they're all like with these nice uh these nice nice pictures
yeah like over the
motivational background pictures
like yeah the
sun setting last
one
um oh today i am letting go of
the things that are holding me back from the life i want to live then i'm picking them all back up
again because i have separation anxiety i
love
it um i love love the uh the funny things i'll put a
link to the uh to the book and um not with any sort of like kickback link just a link to the book
just a plain old
link just a
plain old link sweet
yeah that's really good those i love those things
those are plenty i haven't seen the whole book but it i it definitely appeals to me i i know there
used to be i think they're still around the demotivator posters right like the motivational
posters they have the demotivators and they're similar thing in like poster form
yeah by
a
company called despair inc i believe is
what the title the name of the company
is and
and it's it
reminds me also way back in uh snl i don't remember which genre of snl but snl had uh deep thoughts by
jack handy and um and i always thought jack that was like a made-up thing but apparently that's the
it was one of the writers names was jack handy so it wasn't okay awesome well very
funny thanks for
the joke all right and thank you to everyone for listening if you're here live thank you for being
here live and if you watch us on youtube be sure to subscribe to the channel to get these all the
time we have all of them recorded and available for you and subscribe or follow we had to change
the words on podcast didn't we subscribe or follow the podcast because subscribe sound like money
but just follow it it's free on your podcast player whatever the button is if you're not
subscribed to it see you all later thanks bye